Create rule S6302: Having AWS policies that grant all privileges is security-sensitive (#153)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6302/recommended.adoc

== Recommended Secure Coding Practices

> It's recommended to implement the least privilege principle, ie to grant the necessary permissions only to identities for their required tasks and on specific resources. A good practice is to start to the very minimum set of permissions and to refine the policy over time. For policies already in production, to fix overly permissive policies, a strategy could be based on the monitored activity in order to reduce the set of permissions to those most used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's recommended to apply the least privilege principle, i.e. by only granting the necessary permissions to identities. A good practice is to start to the very minimum set of permissions and to refine the policy over time. In order to fix overly permissive policies already deployed in production, a strategy could be to review the monitored activity in order to reduce the set of permissions to those most used.
```

== Recommended Secure Coding Practices

> It's recommended to apply the least privilege principle, i.e. by only granting the necessary permissions to identities. A good practice is to start to the very minimum set of permissions and to refine the policy over time. In order to fix overly permissive policies already deployed in production, a strategy could be to review the monitored activity in order to reduce the set of permissions to those most used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's recommended to apply the least privilege principle, i.e. by only granting the necessary permissions to identities. A good practice is to start with the very minimum set of permissions and to refine the policy over time. In order to fix overly permissive policies already deployed in production, a strategy could be to review the monitored activity in order to reduce the set of permissions to those most used.
```
